# Final-Project
Topic of your final project here: Who is going to buy the Vehicle Insurance?

## Introduction
Cross-selling refers to sell one product with another that customers already purchased. For example, if a customer bought a new TV at Target, Target will also want to sell a TV stand to the customer because he/she needs to place the new TV at home. An insurance company that plans to sell new vehicle insurance in addition to health insurance would like to know what types of customers are more interested in buying its vehicle insurance. Moreover, the company also wants to know whether the number of days a customer has been associated with the company is significant to the customer’s interest in buying car insurance(i.e.the time a customer enrolled in the company’s health insurance policy). Finally, the company wants to know if the interest in buying vehicle insurance would vary by sales channels and regions.

## Data
The original dataset has 381,109 observations and 11 predictors. Because the given dataset is so large that significantly slowing down the fitting process, I decided to take a random sample with 130,000 entries which are roughly 34% of the original dataset. “Response” is a binary response variable indicating whether a customer is interested in buying the vehicle insurance (1:interested, 0:not interested). Gender is a factor predictor with 100,000 more male observations than female. Age is a numeric variable ranging from 20 to 85. Driving_License indicates whether a customer has a license and it appears 99.7% of customers have a license. Region_Code is a categorical variable with 53 categories and each code doesn’t contain geographical meaning in the real world because the company didn’t provide information. Besides Region_Code, Policy_Sales_Channel contains 145 categories in number, such as sale via phone and manager, but the company also didn’t provide information about what each number stands for. Previously_Insured is a binary variable suggesting if a customer already had vehicle insurance. Vehicle_Damage is a binary predictor indicating whether a customer got his/her vehicle damaged before. Vehicle_Age is a categorical variable with three levels, where only 4% of customers’ vehicles are older than 2 years. Annual_Premium and Vintage(number of days associates with the company) are continuous variables.


